Update draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md (#152)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

Endorsement:

> : A secure statement that an Endorser vouches for the integrity of an Attesting Environment's various capabilities such as Claims collection and Evidence signing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A secure statement that an Endorser vouches for the integrity of an Attester's various capabilities such as Claims collection and Evidence signing
```

> : A secure statement that some entity (typically a manufacturer) vouches for the integrity of an Attesting Environment's various capabilities such as Claims collection and Evidence signing

Reviewer 2: s/some entity/an Endorser/

> : A secure statement that some entity (typically a manufacturer) vouches for the integrity of an Attesting Environment's various capabilities such as Claims collection and Evidence signing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A secure statement that an Endorser vouches for the integrity of an Attesting Environment's various capabilities such as Claims collection and Evidence signing
```
